module03-react-II/assignments/expenses-categories-react-typescript/expenses-categories/README.md, before:

# Expenses by Categories

### IGTI React Bootcamp 2021

### Module 03 - React II - TypeScript

Following the lecturer Danilo Ferreira e Silva in this introductory module on TypeScript, students are taught to develop an application to display a list of personal expenses. The user will be able to pick up a specific date (by year and month) to access all records of the chosen date.

### Goals

Apply concepts of React and TypeScript, including DOM interaction, HTTP request, data rendering and React Router. 

The following criteria should be met:
1. Display the records of a specific date;
2. Calculate the total of expenses of the chosen date.

To challenge myself, I have also provided a total of expenses by categories.

### Status: 

Finished.

## Tech Stack

ReactJS, TypeScript, Sass, Node.

## License

[MIT](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)
    
## Author

Developed by Jennifer Magpantay 

**Reach me out** 

[![Linkedin Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Jennifer-blue?style=flat-square&logo=Linkedin&logoColor=white&link=https://www.linkedin.com/in/jennifermagpantay/)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jennifermagpantay/) [![Gmail Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-jennifer.magpantay@gmail.com-c14438?style=flat-square&logo=Gmail&logoColor=white&link=mailto:jennifer.magpantay@gmail.com)](mailto:jennifer.magpantay@gmail.com)

Commit message:

Refactor code to render components and categories
Add functions to render options, results boxes and categories of expenses.

module03-react-II/assignments/expenses-categories-react-typescript/expenses-categories/README.md, after:

# Expenses Control

### IGTI React Bootcamp 2021

### Module 03 - React II - TypeScript

Following the lecturer Danilo Ferreira e Silva in this introductory module on TypeScript, students are taught to develop an application to display a list of personal expenses. The user will be able to pick up a specific date (by year and month) to access all records of the chosen date.

### Goals

Apply concepts of React and TypeScript, including DOM interaction, HTTP request, data rendering and React Router. 

The following criteria should be met:
1. Display the records of a specific date;
2. Calculate the total of expenses of the chosen date.

To challenge myself, I have also provided a total of expenses by categories.

### Status: 

Testing code - and facing a bug when loading the categories. 

## Tech Stack

ReactJS, TypeScript, Sass, Node.

## License

[MIT](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)
    
## Author

Developed by Jennifer Magpantay 

**Reach me out** 

[![Linkedin Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Jennifer-blue?style=flat-square&logo=Linkedin&logoColor=white&link=https://www.linkedin.com/in/jennifermagpantay/)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jennifermagpantay/) [![Gmail Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-jennifer.magpantay@gmail.com-c14438?style=flat-square&logo=Gmail&logoColor=white&link=mailto:jennifer.magpantay@gmail.com)](mailto:jennifer.magpantay@gmail.com)
