module02-react/assignment/flashcards-crud/flashcards-crud/README.md, before:

# Flashcards

### IGTI React Bootcamp 2021

### Module 02 - React

"A flashcard or flash card is a card bearing information on both sides, which is intended to be used as an aid in memorization. Each flashcard bears a question on one side and an answer on the other." - En.wikipedia.org. 2021. Flashcard - Wikipedia. [online] Available at: <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flashcard> [Accessed 13 June 2021].

### Goals

Following the classes of the React module held by Raphael Gomide and taking as a project base the Flashcards application previously built, make improvements to the application by implementing CRUD functionalities, allowing a user to create, read, update and delete data from a backend. 

The following requeriments must be met:

1. Consume and display the data content, initially provided in JSON format, from a JSON server.

2. Implement CRUD functionalities to manage cards.

### Status

In development.

## Tech Stack

JavaScript, React, CSS module, JSON.

## License

[MIT](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)

    
## Author

Developed by Jennifer Magpantay 

**Reach me out** 

[![Linkedin Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Jennifer-blue?style=flat-square&logo=Linkedin&logoColor=white&link=https://www.linkedin.com/in/jennifermagpantay/)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jennifermagpantay/) [![Gmail Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-jennifer.magpantay@gmail.com-c14438?style=flat-square&logo=Gmail&logoColor=white&link=mailto:jennifer.magpantay@gmail.com)](mailto:jennifer.magpantay@gmail.com)

Commit message:

Build get request from our API, update data rendering methods in App and implemented spinner and error components

module02-react/assignment/flashcards-crud/flashcards-crud/README.md, after:

# Flashcards

### IGTI React Bootcamp 2021

### Module 02 - React

"A flashcard or flash card is a card bearing information on both sides, which is intended to be used as an aid in memorization. Each flashcard bears a question on one side and an answer on the other." - En.wikipedia.org. 2021. Flashcard - Wikipedia. [online] Available at: <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flashcard> [Accessed 13 June 2021].

### Goals

Following the classes of the React module held by Raphael Gomide and taking as a project base the Flashcards application previously built, make improvements to the application by implementing CRUD functionalities, allowing a user to create, read, update and delete data from a backend. 

The following requeriments must be met:

1. Consume and display the data content, initially provided in JSON format, from a JSON server.

2. Update functions to get data from the backend

3. Implement CRUD functionalities to manage cards.

### Status

In development.

## Tech Stack

JavaScript, React, CSS module, JSON.

## License

[MIT](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)

    
## Author

Developed by Jennifer Magpantay 

**Reach me out** 

[![Linkedin Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Jennifer-blue?style=flat-square&logo=Linkedin&logoColor=white&link=https://www.linkedin.com/in/jennifermagpantay/)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jennifermagpantay/) [![Gmail Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-jennifer.magpantay@gmail.com-c14438?style=flat-square&logo=Gmail&logoColor=white&link=mailto:jennifer.magpantay@gmail.com)](mailto:jennifer.magpantay@gmail.com)
